[MUSIC PLAYING]
JEREMY: Here we are
at the end of Week 2
of the functional
programming course.
This week, we thought about
some more building blocks
in the Haskell language.
We looked at things like if
statements and the Boolean data
type.
We have also had
some more exploration
of lists and how to manipulate
list data structures.
Then we moved on to considering
monads, particularly getting
user input from the keyboard
and outputting characters
to the terminal.
Next week, we're going to move
on to more advanced constructs
in Haskell.
But for now, I want to leave
you with an implementation
challenge.
Can you think of some more
guessing games-- like Guess
the Number or
Mastermind, if you're
familiar with that board game?
Post your ideas and links
to your implementations
in the comments section below.
And I'll have fun
reading through those.
I hope you have
Haskell fun, too.
And I'm looking forward
to seeing you again
next week when we'll carry on
with our functional programming
adventure.
[MUSIC PLAYING]